hi guys welcome to new toy surprise
woohoo we just got 1000 subscribers it
is so exciting to be able to share our
new toy surprises with so many people we
really appreciate all of you who have
subscribed to our channel from all over
the world so we want to give a special
thank you to all of our viewers in the
top 10 languages of our subscribers oh
no I see our jurassic world hero mashers
dinosaur is trying to open up our
present we had better open it up before
they do
watch out guys whoa
it was a lot taller it is a velociraptor
a jurassic world velociraptor let's get
him out of his box hero mashers are very
fun to play with their pieces have a
hole on one piece and a peg on the other
and they snap together just like this
and let's put your arm on
and whose tail didn't make them match
him let's mix and match we have our
Stegosaurus pieces let's mash him up and
make him a steak a raptor whoa
Stegosaurus pieces its biggest source do
they go wrapped or I don't know about
this Jurassic world theme park
it sounds pretty scary to me does having
dinosaurs just roaming about oh no
they're not just roaming about they're
either in cages or they're behind fences
look see those little dinos they're
inside of a truck that has a cage in it
we're perfectly safe in Jurassic world
even worried okay I guess I feel a
little better about it what what's that
you said all the dinosaurs wearing cages
are behind fences dinosaurs don't worry
guys we're not gonna eat you we're nice
dinosaurs you're just in time for the
Harrow masters show see he's a stego
raptor part Stegosaurus and part
Velociraptor and we're going to turn
into an anklet ox you're just in time
for the master show okay if you promise
not to eat us we'll stay for the show I
waited for this hugest boy maybe the
next rule make our legs fall off oh they
will
whoa now we look cool guys yeah the Wet
Ones not these bad ones
these are good red one you're a good guy
oh hey that was a good show but I do not
like the idea of dinosaurs roaming free
I'm getting out of this Jurassic world
remember to subscribe to noon toy
surprise so that we can open up another
great toy together